Oh, what a poor family
You are not welcome in our house.
If I don't come
How can I see your family?
Half-dead
Xu Hao is you who made Jiang Zhenhai
Freeze the account we reviewed
You still have some brains
Do you know what happened to offending me Xu Hao?
Are you less?
Please don't live as well as villains.
Please tell Mr. Jiang
Unfreeze our account
Yes, Xiao Zhao, we have this raw material.
But -- but no money.
I, I, we are still useless.
Now I know. Please
It's the other way around. Oops.
You are so powerful, hurry up and beg Xu Shao
Otherwise, our Shen family will really be finished
You dead girl
Can he forgive you?
It's just a big virtue
It's not impossible to give you a way to live
But on one condition
Mr. Xu, I can promise you any conditions you say.
Yes, yes, yes, Master Jiang has a crush on Shen Yunwei
As long as he agrees
Serve Master Jiang well
Make Master Jiang comfortable
The greeting will naturally thaw.
Xu Hao, you fart
You will die of this heart
Yunwei, the fate of our Shen Yu family
It's in your hands.
You have to think about it.
Mom, what are you talking about?
I'm not going because you think you are something
Shameless
What kind of woman would the universe want?
No chance
Leave it to your mother
Die oops
Oh, even if you are like this, it is Dad begging you.
You go boldly, okay?
Otherwise, our Shen family will be finished
You go, then you have the heart
Destroy Yunwei's happiness?
What are you doing with this sin?
Are you still harming our Shen family enough?
Just because of you
Now we will also destroy our Shen family